notes-and-todos.wiki
Last modified: Tue Oct 27, 2020  06:39PM


# Notes and To Dos for an A. Andiron anthology

## Random ideas
* you could do a cover that is a photo of a tentacle intertwined with some yarn.
* Ten tales to tickle, terrify, tease, and titillate.


## Story list and order:
1. Kraken
2. Take Off, Go Around
3. As if it isn't even difficult to do
4. la cappella
5. Handcuff knot
6. The Ride Home
7. Tremble the Flowering Wood
8. It's your birthday!
9. A permanent sad fantasy
10. Chinese Finger Trap
11. spit blood and suck
12. Yarn Monster
13. Arrival

### Possible stories for a 2nd edition:
* With Interest
* [Unseen Horror]
* [Strangers]


## Things to do:
* [ ] Go through all files and make sure title is entered as a # top level header
	* This is the only way to automatically get pagebreaks between each chapter.
* [ ] Go through all the chapter files and make sure the emdashes are handled properly.
	* Copy the emdash character out of Tremble, that seems to work
	* the +smart extension added to the Makefile pandoc line should maybe handle --- for the emdash character? I prefer it that way.
* [ ] Make sure story breaks in Tremble and elsewhere are working in epub
	* (You probably have to fix this in the published version of Tremble on Amazon as well.)
	* (seems like the +smart should handle this too)
* [ ] Make sure the titles and the yaml at the top of each chapter file are behaving properly
* [ ] Fix makefiles and metadata on all stories published on Amazon
	* Use most recent copy of Makefile in the shuttlebay/template directory




