
# Introduction


I have to assume that it is a cliché for an introduction to a book of
erotica to focus on the question of: why write erotica? And I will
also assume that greater minds than mine have tackled this question in
their introductions to their own erotica and come up with convincing
reasons for why someone should find their titillation in the written
word rather than the visual. They probably also explained how text can
bring to the forefront the emotions of an erotic encounter rather than
the mere brightly-lit (and potentially distracting) physicality of it.
And that's great. I'm glad someone out there is dealing with those grand
metaphysical questions. But that's really someone else's problem. Here,
I think I'll focus on why _I_ wrote erotica. Because I've been doing it
for years, but I still have my doubts about it. And because I began in a
place that was probably a cliché in its own right and eventually worked
up to some stuff that, in places at least, seems like it's half-way
good. There's a kind of path there from the cliché to the potentially
worthwhile that is my own answer to the "why write erotica?" question,
and I guess that's what I'll try to cover in this introduction.

So where did I begin? I'm somewhat embarrassed to say that my first
attempts at erotica were driven by the same impulse that drives most
people to try their hand: it was a way to build out, explore, and share
some of my own fantasies. Looking back now, these stories, like _Chinese
Finger Trap_, _How To Tie A Handcuff Knot_, _A Permanent Sad Fantasy_
and maybe one or two others, seem kind of selfish. Leonard Cohen once
said that he always kept in mind a responsibility to write the songs for
his audience, not for himself. I _know_ what turns me on, and filling
in a lot of details about a fantasy did little to change anything in my
reality.

Instead, I started writing with the goal of building out _other_ people's
fantasies. From conversations with friends and lovers --- and
friends who I wished were lovers --- I found inspiration to write a few
stories that were intended to appeal the to fantasies of other, very
specific, people. Among these stories are: _La Capella_, _Listen to the
Music_, and _It's your birthday!_.  These stories
are for them (and they know who they are). It was fun practice, and it's
nice to be able to give a gift like that to someone.

But both writing to flesh out one's own fantasies and writing to fill
out the fantasies of others leaves the author trying to create something
that people think they _want_. And the truth is what most people think
they want is pretty conventional: movie-character dialog that moves
quickly to bland and realistic descriptions of fucking. If there's an
extended plot at all, it probably includes vampires. Erotica in this
form ends up spinning endlessly in the same muddy rut --- a hundred
million writers and readers all churning through billions of words,
all essentially describing the same thing. And I have been in this
churn myself! I've watched my more conventional stories like _Take
Off, Go Around_, with its silly low-budget porno plot, soar in reads
compared to stories like _As If It isn't Even Difficult to Do_, which
has a sparse richness to it that apparently is underappreciated by the
erotica-reading public. There's nothing wrong with erotica that does
what you want. But don't you also wish that sometimes erotica showed you
something new?

I started to believe that the truly exciting erotica is when the reader
discovers something they didn't even know they wanted in the first
place. I found myself imagining how to push out the boundaries of what
erotica could be. As in any discipline, the only way to do this is
to experiment, and as with any experiment, it doesn't always work. I
can't promise that every story included here is a perfect gem. What I
can promise is that every story included here is in one way or another
different (or at least trying to be different) from erotica you've read
before. _Arrival_ walks back and forth across a gray line of consent.
_Kraken_ isn't a tentacle-sex story about fantastical monsters, it's a
biological tentacle-sex story about _real_ monsters. _Binding Off_ does
have a fantastical monster, but it might also be that the real monster
is to be obsessed with one's hobby.

In many of these stories the experiment is not in the plot or setting
, but in the language itself. I have a habit of incorporating rich
description and metaphor. With erotica, I almost can't help myself. We
live in an age where the prevailing style of writing that is considered
"good" is clean, crisp, and clear. That might be a fine goal when it
comes to journalism, but doesn't erotica call for something a bit more
lush? If there's one place left in our culture for over-the-top literary
language would it not be in erotica? You may have heard people saying
we live in a golden age of television, but have you ever heard someone
say we live in a golden age of literature? (Never mind the sub-genre
of erotica!) I hope my more experimental flights of language might be
a tiny step to push us towards opening up our prose to language with a
little more altitude. (At the same time I loathe pretension in erotica,
and sadly I don't think these linguistic leavings are doing anything to
help pull that back the collar on that unruly beast.)

Occasionally these experiments veer into the offensive. The nature of
experimenting is that sometimes this happens. Some of these storied will
make some people uncomfortable. For others, they might be exactly what
they want from erotica, and for another group it might be something that
opens up a whole range of thoughts and feelings they didn't know they
had. It is this third group that is the most enticing audience for any
writer, I think. My only hope for these stories is that they someday
reach those people who didn't know that they could find excitement in,
say, giant tentacles rising from cold black waters, or faeries that dine
on human flesh, or being buried in mounds of knotted yarn.

So curl up in bed with your lover (or lovers!) and read them a story or
two. Let them wonder just _what_ it is about the story that turns you
on, and maybe set them worrying about how well they really know you.
In this age of unrelenting communication, the hottest thing in a lover
remains being unsure exactly who they are. In these stories, you might
find a useful tools for doing that.

> --- Ariel Andiron, Fall 2020



