
# Arrival


He tried to remember. As far as he could make out, it had been ten years
since he has last seen her. That made him feel old. In all that time,
they always kept in touch, as they went through various 20-something
phases, and then 30-something phases. Sometime they were closer, sending
messages every day, other times long gaps of months would slip by
without a peep. It didn't matter. There was always something there
that fell immediately back into place as soon as they picked up the
conversation again. And the fact that they had been in touch for so long
without seeing each other was precisely the thing that made him feel
old.

Admittedly, a big part of what made her so easy to talk to was that
they could never get enough of talking about sex to each other. Sex
they had had together, sex they had with others, sex they daydreamed
about. There was nothing taboo, and it was good, dirty, titillating, and
entertaining. Most of their conversations were about sex, but he had a
genuine fondness for her that went beyond just a physical attraction. A
result of being so unrestrained with her for so long. There was a real
trust that came from that, and because of that trust he genuinely loved
her. Despite the fact that he suspected that deep down she was totally
nuts.

He had finally convinced her to return to the East Coast for a visit.
It had taken him securing tickets to a show she couldn't see out west
and that had only happened because he had moved to New York City, and
had a little stupid luck with the box office. But she was coming, and he
was excited about that. He tried not to have any expectations but it was
hard to sweep aside a fog of horny anticipation. At the very least she'd
promised him a cute outfit for the show, and he looked forward to ogling
her like a teenager.

He told her he would meet her at the airport, so there he was, standing
at the tensa-barrier, waiting and watching the various bulks of
Americanized humanity walking from the plane to the exit. He had a
bad habit of being on time, so he had to wait for nearly 20 minutes,
catching far too many eyes for his own comfort before he finally caught
the pair he wanted. Often he had been amazed at how much people don't
change over time. Ten years or more and she was exactly as he remembered
her. She came on towards him, past the luggage claim conveyors and the
dawdling masses. She moved lightly on her feet (she was such a slight
little thing) and she pulled her wheelie-luggage behind her as if the
little wheels were the fulcrum with which she leveraged heavy bits of
the world from her path. She was dressed in clothes for the flight.
Nothing special. Comfy slacks and a light jacket open halfway down her
chest. She was smiling at him. Smirking actually, but that was just how
she always smiled. It always seemed to betray some kind of skepticism
with which she watched the world go by, or at least with which she
watched him.

She stepped up to him, let her wheelie-luggage rest back, and leaped
up wrapping her legs around him, pressing herself against him, burying
her warm face in his neck. That surprised him, but he went with it. He
kissed her cheek and squeezed her against him. Cute. She slipped down
and stepped back, holding one of his hands with hers as she looked at
his eyes.

"Notice anything different? "

He considered, not wanting to be obvious. Hell, it had been ten years.
"Like what? "

She opened her arms, and leaned her chest forward.

"You got a boob job? " A little shock there. But not much.

"Not just a boob job, I got a seriously pro boob job. Expensive. Nice
huh? My husband bought them for me."

"Ha. I can't believe you didn't tell me! That's why you were 'sick' last
week? "

"I wanted to surprise you. They are still sore."

"I'll be careful not to poke them. Do you want to go back to my house?
Or get something to eat? "

"It's already past midnight, let's just go home."

They got a car service back to his neighborhood. If it were just him he
would have taken the train, but he shelled out for the service because
he liked spoiling her. Watching the working class neighborhoods of the
outer city pass he realized how quiet it was. He had the thought that he
might have run out of things to say to her. Was that possible? His hand
came down to rest on her knee. She didn't respond.

The tips of his fingers walked up the inside of her thigh. She didn't
respond. He grabbed her side and tickled her and she squeaked.

"Don't do that jerk! "

"I love you baby, I want to hear you squeak."

He tickled her again with one hand, and then suddenly slipped his other
hand quickly up between her thighs, pushing them apart with the tips
of his fingers. One hand tickled her mercilessly, she almost couldn't
breathe. Her hands gripped his other arm, trying to keep him from moving
his hand any further up between her thighs. The driver looked at them in
the mirror.

"Don't touch me! I'm married."

"That's the only reason I want to touch you."

"Don't be an asshole! I want this to be a fun weekend. Don't make me
regret coming."

He slid his hand up her belly and squeezed her big tit.

"Ow! Asshole! Don't touch my tits! They still hurt."

He sat back looking at her. She stared at him, and licked her lips. She
turned and looked out the window.

At his apartment he showed her his tiny bedroom. He had cleaned the
place, but he knew this wasn't really the accommodations she was used
to. Her tastes had gone high-class in the intervening years.

"You can stay on our nasty couch, or you can share the bed with me."

"Why can't you be a gracious host and offer to sleep on the couch and
let me have the bed to myself? " Her eyebrow went up. "I'm kidding. It's
fine, I'll share the bed with you. Just don't touch me."

He cupped her ass in his hand, and squeezed hard, almost painfully. He
loved her ass. She was small and skinny, but the lovely curve from her
thin waist to her round bottom stirred him like a immersion blender.
Vague visions of it bare and round and popping up and down in front of
him wafted across his consciousness.

"Dick! Stop it! "

He pushed her in front of him. She pushed him back. Damn she was a tough
little thing, she took her workouts seriously and she could show it when
she wanted to. She shut his bedroom door in his face. He gave up and
went into the bathroom.

When he returned to his room, he pushed the door open slowly and she
stood there in front of him wearing a short satiny slip. It was white,
maybe just barely a shade of pink. The hemline came down to just below
that curve of her ass he loved so much, and as she swayed he could see
matching panties peaking out from underneath. One strap was slipping off
her shoulder and he could see small goosebumps rising. To his eye she
was exposing that soft core he knew was under her tough exterior. That
soft, squishy, horny core that he remembered so well from when they were
kids. He read her like an issue of the New Yorker.

He stepped towards her, and she stepped back. She sat on the bed,
slipped under the covers. He didn't take his eyes off her as he pulled
his shirt off, slipped his pants to the floor, and turned out the
lights. He deliberately pressed his weight onto her as he rolled over
her and slipped under the covers from the other side. He waited a few
minutes, getting warm and listening to her breathe. Then he slid his
hand along under the covers and touched her belly through her slip.

Her breathing was quiet, as if she were asleep. But he knew she wasn't.
The tips of his fingers sliced up her belly and over the curve of her
breast. She sighed quietly. Since the moment he saw her standing in her
slip, his dick had resembled the Williamburg Savings Bank Tower. Now he
adjusted his hard-on in his boxer-briefs and noticed that his stomach
muscles were shaking a little bit. Nerves maybe? That seemed strange.
He liked that he genuinely had no idea what might happen, and he made
himself believe that he didn't care.

She turned onto her side, facing him. Her eyes were closed and she
breathed slowly. His fingertips slid down her belly and between her
knees and rested there for a moment. Now he wanted to know exactly how
far he could go before she would react. He forcefully slid his hand up
between her thighs, feeling how warm and soft they were. He suddenly
had the debilitating urge to feel her thighs wrapped around him. His
hand almost uncontrollably went up under her slip, grabbed her pussy and
rubbed her clit roughly through her panties.

"Don't touch me jerk! I'm married, and that isn't for you! "

His hand rested there for only a moment before she grabbed his arm and
pulled him away. But it was long enough for him to feel intense heat,
and her panties were soaking wet. He grinned in the dark as he put his
fingers to his lips and tasted her pussy for the first time in oh so
long.

God he loved her pussy. He remembered how she would soak her panties as
soon as she had even a passing thought of sex. He remembered touching
her in dark movie theaters and being amazed how wet she was from even
the most tame R rated scene. He remembered how amazingly tight she
was. She was blessed with the perfect combination of a tiny pussy and
an ocean of wetness. And it was a beautiful thing to behold, so tiny
fragile, pink, and damp. He remembered the first time he had been inside
her pussy, the first night they had slept together. She had begged him
to fuck her without a condom so she could feel him arrive inside her. He
had been on top of her in the early morning hours in her dorm room, his
cock throbbing inside against her, forcing his cum up into her as she
clutched him with her arms, her legs, and her pussy. He remembered all
that, and he had felt her, and tasted her. And he knew that he had to
have a piece of that again now.

He rolled on top of her, and grabbed her wrists, pinning them back
to the bed. His cock pressed between her legs like an out-of-place
parking meter, and rubbed against her pussy through his underwear and
her panties. He could feel her wetness seeping through, her hotness
against his hard dick. She opened her eyes and looked at him, her mouth
closed, lips tightly pressed together. His hips moved, his cock rubbed
her. She breathed fiercely through her nostrils.

He leaned to her ear. "I'm going to fuck you. I'm going to feel your
cunt wrapped around me again, and I'm going to fill you full of my cum
again. Just like the first night we were together all those years ago."

"I can't believe you. What would your girlfriend say? Don't you care
about her? "

"Right at this moment, I need to fuck you. Everything else is just
stupid."

He let one of her wrists go, reaching down to pull his dick from his
underwear. She slapped him. Pretty damn hard. It genuinely hurt. He kind
of liked that. He looked at her, his dick throbbing in his hand. She
slapped him again, still breathing hard through her nostrils. He slid
his hand down her belly and ripped her panties apart. He could feel
the heat of her cunt as the head of his cock pressed against her. She
slapped him once again, even harder. His face stung. He leaned down and
kissed her, slipping his tongue gently between her lips.

She kissed him back, her mouth opening, letting his tongue in and
letting out some kind of passion that she normally wouldn't betray to
him. Her free hand grabbed his ass and pulled him toward her, his dick
throbbing and hard, slowly inched into her hot cunt. He could feel her
squeezing against him, her pussy pushing him back out as her hand pulled
him in.

He pulled his head back, his lips parted and wet. He breathed hotly on
her.

She slapped him again. "Jesus! " He grabbed her wrists and pinned them
back against the bed again, "Stop that! It fucking hurts! "

"You stop! I'm a married woman. You can't do this to me."

He held her down with his greater strength and weight, but she struggled
against him with her amazing deftly-honed woman-strength. He moved his
hips, pulling his dick back, and then rammed it forcefully up into her
as deep as he could. She groaned loudly. Then gasped. Then sighed. He
suddenly realized he was in trouble. He had just gotten inside her and
he was on the edge of cumming.

"Shit! You're going to make me cum like an 18 year old kid again."

"You asshole! You fuck me, and you are only going to last 15 seconds? "
She started rolling her hips, desperately trying to rub her clit against
him, to make herself cum. Her legs wrapped around him and squeezed,
pulling him in. He could feel her warm thighs and calves against him.

But that only made it worse for him, he tried to pull back, but she
arched her back, her hips writhing, her cunt squeezing his cock. There
was a Thelma-and-Louise cliff edge rushing towards him. He tried
to think of anything else to keep himself from coming; baseball,
mathematics, international aid. It was no help.

Then she started screaming loudly. Great moans of ancient passions
echoing around the room. Fuck. He had forgotten she was so loud. He gave
in and started fucking her hard, slamming his cock into her, holding her
down and ramming his full bodyweight down on her.

He came. Great bursting EF5 clouds of cum, his cock exploding cum deep
inside her. He kept fucking as the cum slid out of her pussy and ran
down his balls.

"You asshole! I can't believe you fucking came already, I was just
getting wet! "

He sighed, still pinning her down on the bed, looking in her fierce
eyes. His cock still swelling against her tight pussy. He could feel the
heat of her on his crotch and the warmth of his cum dripping down his
balls.

"I couldn't help it. When I got inside you I wanted to fuck you for
hours, pound you until your pussy ached. But when you started moaning so
loudly I just lost any kind of control. It's hot that you enjoy it so
much."

"Fuck you! I didn't enjoy it at all. All you did was get me wet and fill
me with a stupid amount of cum. That doesn't do anything for me, you
asshole."

He pulled back, his cock sliding slowly out of her, hot cum slipping
down her legs and making a sticky pool on his clean sheets. He let his
feet slip to the floor and he stood watching her.

As soon as his dick had slid free, she put her hand to her pussy and
started rubbing herself desperately. Her two small fingers hard and
stiff rubbing her clit, the joint of her hand moving up and down like a
tiny organic replacement part from some industrial revolution machinery.
Her eyes shut slowly, her knees closed at the same time, and she turned
her head away from him. She almost immediately started letting out great
gasps of moans. Her back arched and her legs shook slightly as she tried
to finish the terrible purpose he had started in her.

His cock hung over her like a terrorist threat, little drops of cum
occasionally dripping from the tip onto her belly. He had the desperate
urge to grab his shaft and start stroking it in time to her movements.
His dick, which for a moment had begun to sag, sprang to life again with
its own will as she writhed beneath it. The palm of his hand touched her
cheek, and she opened her eyes to look at him. His hand slid behind her
head, and his fingers into her hair. He twisted up a great clump of her
thick hair in his fist and dragged her head towards his cock.

The tip of his cock, still wet from her pussy and his cum, slipped
between her lips, which opened slightly, warm and wet, to take him in.
He groaned loudly as his throbbing cock pushed deeper into her mouth.
His fingers pressed against the back of her head, his hips thrust,
driving the shaft down her throat. He let her head go and leaned
backward as she suddenly started to suck his cock hungrily, sliding
her lips up and down his shaft slicing time in an equal measure to
her rapidly moving hand on her clit. Yummy sounds escaped from the
back of her throat—a muffled version of exactly the same histrionic
sound someone makes to demonstrate the deliciousness of the warm
chocolate-chip cookie they just bit into. He remembered she loved to
suck cock, genuinely loved it, and had the skills and the sounds to show
it.

Now she was shaking by her own hand. She started to cum, sloppy wet
sounds coming from her finger-riddled pussy, her body writhing, and
sounds that long-predated words coming with astonishing volume from
her filled mouth. She breathed intensely through her nostrils, his
dick filling her mouth. But she was pulling her head back, unable to
concentrate on his cock while her body spasmed.

"Oh no you don't! "

His big hand wrapped around her neck, his thumb pressed against her
jaw. He pushed his hips forward and squeezing her neck he rammed his
cock down her throat to the hilt and held her there, her nose pressed
against his body, his balls resting on her chin. He could feel the heat
of her breath on his crotch, and her tongue sliding back and forth on
his throbbing shaft looking desperately for some kind of purchase. She
gagged loudly, her nostrils flared trying to get air. Tears welled up at
the corner of her eyes. She orgasmed wildly. Her fingers clenched her
pussy, her knees squeezed together. Her legs shook with the pleasure of
it. She made pitiful little sounds from her constricted throat.

Three waves passed over her, and she relaxed, her hand going limp on her
dripping cunt. He let go of her neck and she fell back on the pillow,
staring angrily at him.

"I can't believe did that to me."

"That's nothing yet..."

He grabbed both her wrists in one hand behind her back. He pulled her
up so she was sitting on the edge of the bed. Her chest lifted up and
down as she breathed a heavily. He pulled her arms down so she arched
her back, her big tits hanging forward under her slip so he could see
down the crevice between them. His fingers went into the neckline of her
slip and took up a great twist of it. He pulled until the light little
stitches gave with little snapping sounds like flint being struck. He
grabbed his cock and stroked it quickly, it was rock hard from her hot
mouth being on it, and wet and slippery with her saliva.

He had already been on the edge of cumming again in her mouth, and now
staring at her beautiful perfectly sculpted tits he did cummeth. He
thrust his hips forward, his cock throbbed, and cum poured out onto
her breasts. He stroked again, and an arc and a moment was defined as
a bright line of cum passed from the tip of his cock to her nipple. It
was shocking, really, how much cum there was considering he had just
filled her pussy. The years of sharing vague fantasies of dirty sex with
her now arrived in a phantasmagoric manifestation of ectoplasmic cum.
It reached out for her, a groping bone hand of cum stretching from the
tip of his cock and trying to pull her back to its own hell, and when it
failed it instead tried to envelop her, slow spreading and dripping down
the pale bright curve of her beautiful chest.

He continued to stroke his cock slowly, but now there were just drips
splattering on her belly. He watched the cum slide down the curve of her
tit, and drop off her nipple.

"Do you like it when I cum on you like that? "

He released his grip on his cock, and slid his hand under the curve of
her breast. He lifted it, feeling the warm weight of it in his hand.
They really had done an awesome job. These were perfect tits in every
way.

"Lick my cum off your tits. Show me how much you love it."

She glared at him for a moment...and then lowered her chin and stuck out
her tongue, and lapped his cum from her nipple. She swallowed. And then
put her tongue back out and licked some more off where it was slipping
down her breast.

He put his hand to her jaw, and leaned over and kissed her deeply. As
his tongue slipped between her lips he could taste his cum.

He pulled back, still holding her wrists. Some small wet dot dropped
from her lower lip. He went to a squat next to his bed and unlooped his
belt from his pants on the floor. He passed the end of it through the
loop buckle, and slipped the resulting leather loop around her wrists,
pulling it tight enough that her hands were forced to cross. His fingers
gripped around her thin arm and pushed her face down onto the bed. She
lay there, draped over the side of the bed, her tits pressed against his
sheets, and her little feet tiptoeing on the floor.

He admired her cute little ass that he loved for a moment, and then
taking the loose end of the belt slapped it across the back of her legs.
And then again harder. She let out a little squeak with each smack, and
he liked hearing that. One of his hands squeezed her ass, testing it
like a melon, while the belt continued to lay down red marks across her
legs, and up onto her ass.

Watching her getting spanked was some kind of dark magic that raised his
cock from the dead. He felt himself stiffening, and he put his hand to
her pussy. Warm wetness there. That girl amazed him.

He stood over her, and pushed his cock slowly back into her. With
every inch that penetrated her she screamed louder. He put his hand to
the back of her head, and pushed her face into the blankets, muffling
her. He started to back his cock out, and then reversed like some kind
of terrible parallel-parker. In he went again, inch by inch, her hot
wetness still taking it. She clenched down on his dick as if her pussy
had a previous life as a blood pressure cuff.

He groaned out loud, and began to fuck her. Seriously fuck her. With
everything he had, he pounded his cock into her. He whipped the belt
back and forth like trying to spur a horse to a gallop. Long red streaks
ran up her thighs and over her back. His cock swelled and fought inside
her, pushing and punishing her. Her lovely ass smacked back against him,
her little hands clenched and unclenched, and between her gasps for air
he could hear her nearly yelling some kind of threatened pleasure into
the blankets.

It went on like that for a long time. He lost track, maybe hours went
by, but he had no recollection later. At one point her hand slipped
free of the belt and immediately went between her belly and the bed,
down to her clit where she rubbed herself viciously in time to his
pounding strokes. He had to stop and press down on her, his cock still
and throbbing in her cunt while he wrestled her wrist back into the belt
loop. After that he was careful to hold the belt painfully tight on her
wrists.

The truth was, he just couldn't cum again. His dick was swollen, hard,
and aching and he was fucking the way he loved to fuck, from behind,
deeply, hard, and aerobic. But he just couldn't get over the top. Or
even close really. He had already seen that cliff-edge come and went
over it.

In his head he conjured visions of apocalyptic blood-filled orgies. He
looked down at the curve of her big tits pressed against his bed, the
curve of her tiny waist that he loved so much, and in his head he raised
them to the most degraded and atavistic scenes he could come up with.
Oceans of cum with these tits and this ass passed before him, and in his
half delirium he put himself fucking all manor of whores, exes, men,
demons, animals. All wrapped up in that hot wetness that sucked at his
cock right now.

But it was no use. A hard lifeless pole was all he had.

He slowed, and pulled his cock out, wet and sticky. Somehow this woman
could stay wet, could enjoy it, could be cumming over and over again,
spreading her hot wetness all over his cock and his crotch. He had to
admit, she always had been and always would be better than him at this.

His fingertips dragged down her spine to the curve of her ass. He spread
her ass cheeks, and when she realized what he intended to do she pushed
back against him. He was surprised she had so much strength left. She
cursed at him.

"Don't you dare. I don't even let my husband fuck me up the ass."

He pushed his swollen cock head against her asshole. He pushed slowly,
and then thrust it in. She screamed and kicked him in the shins. Ouch.
He started thrusting slowly, then hard, his cock burning and tightly
plugging her. He growled. There it was. He could thought see it, just
off at the edge... His dick thrust, and he held it up inside her,
throbbing. He saw blackness at the edge of his vision, and he pushed his
weight down on top of her, driving the breath from her body. He knew he
would be kicking himself for years for not being able to cum at that
moment, when he was so deep inside that ass he loved so much. But he
just couldn't find that cliff-edge again.

He lay there helpless on top of her.

And that was it. They never fucked again.

They went to the show the following night, and she looked delicious. She
flirted lightly with him, but insisted he sleep on the couch that night.
She flew home the next day and afterwards the only times he ever saw her
was for dinner in the city on the rare occasions work took her to the
East Coast.

They stayed in touch and were what, by any normal measure, would be
called friends. But it was never the same. Their relationship had lost
a big piece of something they had shared. Once in a while he would make
the vaguest hint of something raunchy to her in a text message. But she
always ignored it. He didn't hold it against her, but he missed their
old relationship with its quiet lust, hedonism, and depravity. And he
could never quite convince himself that one night had been worth it.



