

# A Permanent Sad Fantasy

I'm going upstate to this weekend, or maybe next, to get my
motorcycle. It's been in my friend's garage for the last three years.

I've been texting my friend who lives there. I think I
have convinced her to go for a motorcycle ride with me when I get
there. I've wanted to fuck this girl from the first moment time my
eyes laid upon her.

I'm not just saying that, I remember it distinctly, when I lived there.
I rode my bicycle past the coffee shop and I saw her and wondered to
myself: who is that hot new girl in there? Later that day I went in, and
since my friend was working at the coffee shop too, I was introduced
to her. She was wearing red pants, that made me, almost involuntarily,
and extremely inappropriately, imagine bending her over and fucking
her from behind. Her ass just looked so good in those red pants. I
remember it clearly. She is pale, and her hair is dyed black and cut
into a cute bob. You might guess from that that she swings towards the
goth, and you would be right. So much the better. Her teeth are slightly
snaggle-toothed - in a way that's really cute, and makes you wonder what
her blowjobs are like.

But the best thing about her, the thing that absolutely destroys
weak-willed unpopular boys like me, is her overwhelming charisma. She
is one who has figured out this magic trick of using charisma to hide
her sadness, and she puts it to use in a way that, were she so inclined,
she could form an army of boys to do her bidding. Nerdy boys, who
like role-playing and Tim Burton, sure, but an army I say. Still, the
charisma comes mostly from being genuinely funny, and having the cutest
mannerisms you could imagine. She is the type that squeaks a little bit.
Some would undoubtedly find it annoying, but I was a total and complete
sucker for it.

We got to be pretty good friends actually. I started calling her
my fake-girlfriend, because she had a boyfriend at the time. (Who,
admittedly, was devastatingly cute and a totally sweetheart.) I still
wanted to fuck her, but I put it aside. And after a few years of that, I
moved to New York City.

This weekend, I will return to that upstate town, and I will take her
out on my motorcycle. I will feel her legs pressed against me, and
her arms wrapped around me, holding on for dear life. We will go at
twilight, and I will take her to out to the edge of town and up the road
to where the high waterfall is. There's an overlook up there, when you
can sit and look down on the waterfall, and imagine that you are in some
kind of sacred space.

There I will kiss her, slowly and deeply. And I'll pull her into my
lap, and when I slide my hand between her legs, I will tell her how
I've wanted her for so many years. And she'll feel my already hard
cock pressing against her. I'll take her hand and walk her out into
the woods, and find a big tree to push her up against. As I undo her
pants, I'll suck her earlobe, and pull it between my teeth. I'll slide
her pants down and get on my knees, and bury my face in her sweet
pussy. And there, I will lick her, suck her, and finger her until she
cums all over my face. I want to make her cum until she moans out loud
and embarrasses herself.

And with her pussy soaking wet, I'll turn her around, and finally,
finally, get to slide my cock into her, fuck her from behind, slap
that awesomely defined ass. I'll hold her hips, and slide my cock in
and out of her, but I won't be able to last very long. I'll be so
horny at that point, and she is so hot. I'm sure she squeaks when she
gets fucked too.

She once asked me about my cock. Literally, she said, "do you have a
big cock? I love big cocks." And she will find out, and she will cum
on me. And when I'm about to cum, I'll pull my dick out and spray my
hot jizz all over her ass, and watch it run down, over, and slide down
the back of her legs. I'll slide my hand up the back of her legs and
slip it through my cum and press my fingers back into her pussy. I'll
finger fuck her for just a second and then give it to her lips, and
let her lick my cum and her pussy taste off my fingers.

We'll pull our pants up, and I'll take her home to her house. We'll
take a shower together, and I will run my soapy hands over her perfect
little tits, down her back, over her ass, and slide my hands up under
the curve of her ass, and pull her against me. I'll kiss her with the
hot water running down between us, and just when she's being soft and
delicate, I will slide a soapy finger up her ass. My cock will be hard
again, feeling her against me, and she will go to her knees this time,
and suck me gently, with water pouring down her face, she'll barely be
able to breath, but my fingers will push through her hair and I'll
make her suck all of my cock down her throat.

We'll get out of the shower, and she'll be warm and dry, except her
pussy will be soaking wet from loving sucking my cock so much. I'll
push her back on her bed, and I will slide into her. And then I will
fuck her for hours. Slowly, grinding away, my cock pushing in and out
of her as I look her in her eyes. I will keep it so slow, and so
steady for so long, occasionally grinding up against her clit, but
mostly just loving the feeling of her hot cunt wrapped around me.
She'll feel my dick throb in her, and she'll know I love it. I'll fuck
her on top, her legs wrapped around me, and I'll turn her over and
fuck her from behind, still on top, squeezing her neck in my hand
(she'll love that) as my cock fills her up, her ass pressed against my
abdomen. And I'll fuck her on her knees, and I'll fuck her over the
bed. But it's going to be slow, and it's going to go on until
daylight, and my dick is aching, and her pussy is sore.

I just want to own her for as long as I possibly can.

The sad thing is this is all just a fantasy. It's unlikely to happen.
She probably has a boyfriend (again) who she wouldn't betray with one
night of passion, even though she and I will always be friends and
whoever the guy is now will probably come and go.

But right at this very moment, while there is still the possibility of
it, that is the hottest thing in the world. I wish I could always just
have that possibility, just out of reach, that every great once in a
while comes true. And those true moments are the great ones, the ones
that I remember for the rest of my life. I have to do my best to make
sure they are worth it, and that I make the most of them.

Though the more likely scenario is the possibility will pass without a
whisper, and it will just become a permanent sad fantasy.




