

One drink too many, probably. Not surprising really, most of the time we
end up drinking one too many. But the cocktails were good, despite their
pretentious shaved nut garnish and pretentious price. We need to get a
cab, you're never going to make it on the train. I don't think I'd make
it on the train either, but I won't let you know that.

I stand in the street with my arm out, but I'm still looking at you.
You wore a skirt. You knew I love it when you wear skirts. Particularly
when they only come halfway down your thigh. Sitting next to me on your
stool, your skirt was thin and warm under my hand resting on your leg. I
couldn't take my eyes from yours as we sipped those floaty drinks, but
my mind was wandering between your legs, that I could feel spreading
lightly apart, letting my knee come between them. I could feel the
slight roughness of the texture of your black nylons as they brushed
against my knee, and I had the impulse to take the nylon between my
fingers and rip it open up your leg. But I stayed with the skirt.

Now we're on the street, you're walking towards me on tip toes, those
sharp shoes of yours in your hand, trying not to ruin those stockings I
had so wanted to ruin. Your skirt sways gently with your stride, your
hair is flipped back, and you're smiling at me. I just want to melt you.

A cab pulls up without me even looking for it. I open the door for you,
and I watch your graceful curl, and the slide of your legs as you enter
and scoot. I follow you pulling the door closed behind me.

You give the driver an address, but you're looking at me; your lower lip
caught between your teeth. I feel the warmth of your slightly-too-drunk
body pressed against me. I put my hand along your jaw, and pull you
towards me, to kiss you. Lightly, slowly. But I touch your lip with my
tongue, and you open up for me with soft noises.

I suspect the driver of watching.

I slide my hand between your legs now, as I had wanted to for hours. My
dick tries to find a reasonable purchase in my pants, but it is not to
be reasonably contained. My fingers don't even get to your pussy and
I can already feel how wet you are. It's all the way down your leg.
You're suffering for me. I touch your pussy and your soft sounds become
loud, though stifled through our kiss. The tip of my finger finds your
clit and rubs, pressing the rough nylon of your stockings against it.
Apparently you forgot your panties this evening.

You suddenly open your legs. You suddenly straddle me. You kiss me
fiercely as you grind your pussy against my fingers, and thus my hand
against my throbbing cock. I take the material of your stockings in my
fingers, and with a loud rip pull them apart along the seam. My fingers
enter you, and you break our kiss, leaning back, letting out a long slow
moan just as the cab stops at a light.

Certainly the driver is watching in the mirror now.

The cab gains speed with the change of the light. You pull your blouse
down and push your chest towards me. You tell me to kiss your tits. I
kiss each nipple in turn. I bite each nipple in turn. You suck in your
breath between your teeth. You snap at me. You kiss me again. You undo
my pants and pull my long stiff core out, and lifting your skirt with
one hand guide it into your your soaking cunt with the other.

You are so warm on the bare skin of my cock. You stifle some kind of
giggle or moan. You are barely moving, your head thrown back, your chest
pressed hard against my face. My hands touch the fabric of your skirt
lightly, but I barely move. We're frozen like that, you on top of me,
just holding my throbbing cock inside you. But I can feel your cunt
clenching and soaking me. I can feel you cum. And I want nothing else.
I think about nothing else. I try to make you cum with my mind, and it
seems to be working. You're holding your breath, pressing your warm face
against my neck, cumming on me so hard that I can feel your wet running
down around my balls, soaking my crotch.

You finally relax, breathing heavily. You whisper in my ear. I want to
suck your cock, you say. You slide to your knees in the footwell of the
car. My hands rest on the rough thin black-now-gray fabric of the seat.
You hold my cock, wet and pulsing in your hand, and you take the bulbous
head between your delicate lips, never looking away from me. But then
you concentrate, your face goes down. Your glinting hair drops along my
body. You breath comes loudly through your nostrils, and my back arches
at your mouth taking the length of my cock.

My hand gently comes to rest on your head. You move faster. Your mouth
is so soft. I think about how you can taste yourself on my cock. How
you're going to taste me mixed with you in a short time. You pull your
mouth back, holding just the head in between your lips, sucking so
gently, and you look up at me. And I cum.

You let it float over your tongue. You let it mix with the taste of your
own pussy, and I watch you hold it in your mouth, loving the taste of
us together. You come off my cock and move upward. You kiss me slowly,
passing the taste of us between us, and we both swallow at the same
time, like some kind of ritual.

