
Last modified: Tue Oct 27, 2020  02:44PM

With Interest

I had been chatting with this girl on OK Cupid, It wasn't anything
special, just casual chatting, no magic spark or anything. It's not
like I felt like I had met my soul mate or thought this was a person
that should cause a major upheaval in my lifestyle or anything. We
talked about how I had a girlfriend and she had an occasional
boyfriend.

But she was really cute, and African-American (through no fault of my
own I had never even casually fooled around with anyone except white
girls. I always felt like I needed to integrate some affirmative
action into my dating prerogatives.) But we seemed to get along pretty
well chatting. Some people that is just easy with, you know? (And with
others it is awkward, and the conversation has lots of trips and
gaps.) We had been chatting for about a week, with the occasional
fairly suggestive (ok - outright pornographic) comment thrown in. So
during the day one day she messages me on OK Cupid and asks if I would
like to meet up for a drink that night. And despite the fact that I
had been seeing Elaine for like 2 years at that point, I figured, why
not? It's just drinks, maybe I'll make a friend. And you never know
which friends of yours might turn into future lovers, right?

So I agreed to meet her at a bar on the Lower East Side. And it was a
really good time. The bar was one of her favorite local bars, and one
of the few left in Manhattan that was like the good old days of NYC.
It was a small bar attended mostly by locals, and they had free
popcorn and a really good 2-for-1 deal for happy hour. So I bought us
a round of drinks. And the bartender noted that I got a second round
free, and gave me tokens for the second round.

She was really cute I say, very dark skin, big full lips, small perky tits,
and a firm body with nice curves. She was one of those girls who
enjoyed her time at the gym, and it showed. She had piles of long thin
braided extensions in her hair, which was a look that really
complemented her pretty face.

We started in on our drinks, and started in on our talking. She was
really easy to talk to, even though we didn't really seem to have many
common interests. I don't know why that happens. It's easy to talk to
someone about things you both know or care about, but some people you
just click with and it seems like you can talk about anything, and
it's not like it's something incredibly special or meaningful, it just
makes you feel comfortable. I suspect she felt that way too. I told
her about bicycles, and she said she wasn't sure she even could ride a
bike. And she told me about her family from Nigeria and growing up in
New Jersey - that immigrant experience which is so common in
NYC, but not something I experienced personally.

Eventually we finished our first beers, and I turned in the tokens for
seconds. But (and I think this is because neither of us had really
eaten anything except popcorn) we were already pretty buzzed. We were
sitting in the back of the bar where it was dark and cool. Pretty
close, next to each other in a small curved booth. Our legs had been
touching for a long time. Somewhere during our second beers I found
myself staring pretty intently at her, and she at me. And then we
started making out. Which I guess normally I would feel a little
embarrassed about in a bar, but it felt pretty private in the back
there, and in NYC nobody cares anyway. She was a good kisser, and we
kissed for quite a while. I would slide my hands over her belly, and
she would slip her hand up my leg.

And then she whispers in my ear, "I'm very very attracted to you right
now." She asks me to come back to her apartment, which is just a
couple of blocks away. I say yes.

So I follow her back to her apartment, realizing that I am more drunk
than in probably good for me. As soon as we walk in the door, she is
kissing me, and we are walking/stumbling (her backwards) towards her
couch in her tiny apartment that she lived alone in. We start making
out on the couch, her sitting, and I'm sort of kneeling on the floor,
her legs are spread around me, and I'm grinding my throbbing cock
against her. I slip her blouse off, and kiss her tits, which are
beautiful, small, and very perky.

I lean back, so I'm on my knees in front of her (it was a pretty low
couch) and she puts her hand on my crotch and feels my hard on while
she's looking up at me. And she says, "I want to suck your cock."
Before I can even think about it, she has my fly undone, and she has
my cock out, stroking it's rock hard white pole in her soft dark hand.
She leans over and takes it into her mouth. And let me tell you, it is
the softest, sweetest, most perfect mouth I have ever had my cock in.
She starts sucking slowly, sliding her lips up and down my cock, and I
was so horny from making out with her for so long in the bar, it felt
amazing. I would slip my fingers through her braids and watch her
suck, and if I could, I would have let her suck my cock for an hour.
But I couldn't hold back at all! In just a minute or so I feel myself
cumming, and there is nothing I can do about it. I push her back, and
my cock explodes, just massive amounts of cum spilling all over her
lips, her neck, and her tits. All hot and white on her beautiful
smooth dark skin.

And then of course with my cum all over her tits, instead of in my
balls, I felt really guilty. There was no rationalizing this, I was
purely cheating on my lady at this point. I apologized profusely, but I
told her I had to go. And she said she understood. Which was really very
sweet of her.

And I left.

And I always felt really bad about that actually. I feel like I owe her
to this day. She gave me one of the best blowjobs I ever had,
and what did I give her? Nothing. I want to lick her pussy so badly,
both to pay her back and show her that I can lick pussy as well as she
can suck cock. And then I want to fuck her silly, to pay back the
interest on that blowjob. I want to make her cum over and over again
so she doesn't for another second think that it was a mistake to suck
me off. It's a little funny to me that I feel bad about how I
handled my incidence of cheating. It ended up being very selfish of
me. Once I had gone as far as seriously making out with her, I should
have gone all the way. It's not like whoever my current girlfriend is
is the only person in the world with desires or feelings. I was
responsible for my night of indiscretion and I handled it poorly.

We still chat occasionally. But not often. Someday though. I will make
things even.


